clean up use of word: easy (#26352)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/tools.md

## Minikube

> [`minikube`](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) is a tool that helps
> run a single-node Kubernetes cluster locally on your workstation for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`minikube`](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) is a tool that
runs a single-node Kubernetes cluster locally on your workstation for
```
